A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 49
[exclaims]
[groans and retches]
[ominous music plays]
[Tatsu] Don't tell me.
VIRUS
A cold?
[door opens and closes]
Sorry.
[gargles]
But that ain't gonna happen!
You little punks got any idea
whose turf you're trying to invade?
[beeping]
[exclaims] Impossible.
The late nights, thin clothes,
dry air in here.
You gotta reap what you've sown.
[groans]
[Tatsu] Ginger and lemon,
and a hefty splash
of vitamin-infused honey to taste.
This ought to turn the tide of battle.
Huh.
WHITE BLOOD CELLS
Everyone armed and ready, gang?
[all] Yes, boss!
Now for the humidifier,
and Miku's facial steamer.
[hissing]
-[guns firing]
-This'll hold off dehydration!
A hit of cold medicine for insurance,
and now rest.
[all grunt and yell]
[thermometer beeps]
[Tatsu] What? It went up?
[groans]
[thuds]
[weakly] I can…
-[thuds]
-…still fight… back.
[all grunt and yell]
-[Miku] That's enough.
-[Tatsu] Huh?
Fighting will not solve anything.
The light…
[groans]
Oh! You're awake.
-[water sloshes]
-Oh! That's cold.
[gentle music plays]
-Miku…
-Oh, I was so worried.
I came home and found you on the floor.
Just a minor setback.
I'm gonna make dinn--
[groans]
[yells]
Get some rest.
Want some food?
Uh, maybe something to drink?
Here you go.
I took all the vegetables
I could find in the freezer
and blended this up.
-And I added vitamins.
-Wait--
-Drink!
-[groans]
[bombs exploding]
-[sheets rustle]
-Mm.
I'm okay.
[grunts] You feeling better yet?
Yeah. A little queasy.
[dramatic music plays]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 50
A very happy New Year to you, young man.
Ah, thank you. Back at ya.
Ugh, I can't go to any parties
because I'm broke.
Oh, hey.
I bet boss has
a New Year's money gift for me!
Look out, boss.
I'm coming for your wallet.
[doorbell chimes]
NEW YEAR
Happy New Year.
-[Masa] Those new threads?
-Yeah, from this.
LUCKY BAG
Little something I just got on a raid.
It's a lucky apron gift bag
from a New Year's sale.
Looks like the New Year's
treating you right.
I could use a bit of that luck.
Well, we could split
this haul if you want.
Uh, no, I'm good.
Masa, hey. Happy New Year!
Hi, ma'am. You too.
[Tatsu] We were about to do
some New Year's calligraphy.
[Masa] Nice. That's old-school.
Wanna write something?
Uh, are you sure?
Okay.
NO MONEY
Why the hell'd you write that?
Whoops! Did I mess up?
[Tatsu] You're supposed
to write what you want to happen.
[Masa] Oh!
[stomach rumbles]
I'm a little broke at the moment,
so, you know…
-Follow me.
-[Masa] Finally!
[both grunting]
Glad I borrowed this gear
from the landlord.
Mochi? More like mo-cha-ching!
[laughs] Am I right, boss?
Masa, I'm on it.
Don't worry, I didn't forget…
ROASTED SOYA BEAN POWDER
…the brown powder.
[munching]
Yeah, that's the stuff.
[both grunting]
Oh! Good shot, Masa.
Hey, boss, you lost, so you gotta pay.
[scoffs] All right.
WHERE'S MY MONEY?
You done yet?
-Run faster!
-[Masa yells]
[yells] I dropped the kite!
Man, it sank
just like my bank account did.
Keep a better hold on it next time.
It slipped through my fingers,
just like my cash.
Crap, I hope it ain't broke like me.
GOOD FORTUNE
Look at this crew here.
Seven or eight of 'em.
Bet they're all rich.
I'm sure they'd help
a pal out on New Year's Day.
-Fine, I get it. I'll carry it.
-No, hold up.
-Let go. What's your problem?
-Just wait a sec.
[Ryota] Oh, it's Tatsu.
[Tatsu] Oh, Ryota.
-Happy New Year!
-Happy New Year to you too.
Little man, you flying kites too?
No, we have a drone.
[Masa] Hi-tech!
I'm flying it with my dad over there.
[Masa] Wha…?
Oh, yeah, Ryota.
New Year's Money for you. It ain't much.
[Ryota] What? Awesome! Thank you so much.
[groans]
[laughs dryly]
[screams]
Money! Where's my New Year's gift?
NEW YEAR
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 51
-Here you are.
-A local sake fair.
Ah, didn't know they did these here.
It looks like fun.
[Masa] Looks like it covers a lot of turf.
[Miku] Ah, here it is.
Oh! It's a happening place.
-Table for three, please.
-Sure.
[gentle pleasant music playing]
[waitress] Start with this sake.
It's called Pine Dew.
It's made with spring water
found 120 meters underground.
The only other ingredient
is regionally-sourced rice.
Hey, this is the real McCoy.
No cutting agents. This stuff is pure.
Wow, this sounds like a major score.
[Tatsu] That mellow fragrance
and sharp flavor…
[blade swishes]
…cuts like a katana!
Would you three like
to try this one as well?
[Miku] Oh, yes, please.
[Miku laughs drunkenly]
[chuckles] Uh, hey, ma'am.
I think you've had enough.
[laughs and sighs]
[slurring] Masa, pass your cup here.
-Yeah, here you go.
-Oh, thanks, ma'am.
-Drink up!
-[splashes]
[Miku laughs]
Hey, boss. Help me out here.
Uh…
-[snoring]
-He's sleeping with his eyes open!
[laughs] There's a snot bubble!
Pull yourself together, I'm begging you.
-[bumps table]
-[Masa gasps]
-Steel-fist Tiger…
-[hiccups]
[sobs]
-I spilled it. [sobs]
-[Masa] Huh?
-I knocked it over! It's all my fault!
-Hey, look, man. It's gonna be okay.
-All of you, cool it!
-[Masa] Boss?
Drink some water and sober your asses up!
[Masa] Wait, that's sake.
This is bad.
Boss is plastered already.
-[Miku laughs drunkenly]
-[Masa] Ugh. Why me, man?
[chopstick clatters]
[gasps]
-My… chopstick…
-Don't worry, they'll grab you another.
-[yells] My chopstick!
-Fresh chopsticks, please. Thank you.
-[sobbing wildly]
-Hey, hey, hey. What's happening?
-It's chopsticks! [laughing]
-[Masa] Is it really that funny?
[retching]
Boss, uh, hey.
-Masa, I'm done for.
-Uh…
The rest is up to you.
-[snoring]
-[Masa screams] Boss!
[waitress] Um, sir, are you guys okay?
-[Torajiro sobs]
-[Miku retches]
Honestly, I might puke.
Toilets are that way.
THE NEXT MORNING…
[slurping]
[both] Sweet relief.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 52
[teacher] All right, everyone. Today,
we're going to be making a chocolate cake.
-[students] Okay.
-Got it!
-[sleeve rustles]
-[ominous music plays]
Will I need to use my dagger?
[Tatsu] Who's this punk?
A normal knife will do. We're going
to begin by making a sponge, okay?
Please start chopping up the chocolate.
-[chopping]
-[grunts]
[teacher] Slowly melt it
at 120 to 130 degrees.
-[splashes]
-Ow, hot!
[coughs]
[grunts]
Take it easy, you amateur!
You gotta be delicate
when doing this shit.
-Gimme that!
-[slaps]
This chocolate cake is mine!
Hands to yourself.
[clattering]
-[smashing]
-Damn it! Why can't I get this right?
[all gasp]
-Oi, listen here.
-Don't touch me!
This ain't fair to these honest folks.
[dramatic music plays]
You got something to say, pal?
Why do you want to make
a chocolate cake so badly?
There's this close associate
I want to surprise.
That's how you show you care
on Valentine's Day!
That a problem?!
Listen, the most important ingredient
is this. It's your heart.
Blast all those feelings into that cake,
and they won't know what hit 'em!
Ah. So you're saying
aim from my heart to theirs?
You'll hit 'em right where it counts.
Now chill out and get baking.
[gasps] All right, let's bake
my heart into a cake!
-[tapping]
-[oven door closes]
[man] Man, all this time,
I lost sight of the goal.
[Tatsu grunts]
[man] Carefully and calmly…
HAPPY VALENTINES
From the heart…
How's that?
Yeah, it's not the prettiest, but…
[all] Ooh!
I really appreciate this, bro.
What the hell?
Who is this guy, anyway?
Looks awfully familiar.
Go knock 'em dead. Aim for the heart.
[man] Oh, uh… Ooh…
KUNIMI BUSINESS OFFICE
HAPPY VALENTINE'S
A little something from me to you.
Boss?
Hirono…
Happy Valentine's Day.
[boss] My first Valentine's Day
chocolate this year. Damn.
WOW, WHAT'S THIS?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 53
We're just not able to save any money.
Anything my husband and I have,
we end up spending.
We really don't know what to do about it.
Yuriko, being a housewife
is new for you, right?
That's not really something
in my wheelhouse.
But I know just who to ask.
[suspenseful music plays]
You're having money troubles, are you?
I take care of balancing the family books.
I can teach you about hustling, ma'am.
[Yuriko] Is this guy
really Miku's husband?
He looks like a ya-- ya-- No way.
How's your fitness? Are you healthy?
Uh, I'm not sure, really.
If you're in shape, we can use
that body to our advantage.
My… body? I--
[Tatsu] Mashiyo Supermarket has
bean sprouts and cabbages.
The cheapest udon and eggs
are at Heiwa Market. Got it?
-Draw up a map and plan your attack!
-Got it!
Put those legs to use!
-[groans]
-[Tatsu] She's quick.
-[both panting]
-Back already? You all right?
LARGE BEAN SPROUTS
-You got quite a bargain on these sprouts.
-Yeah.
I'll show you the rest
of the tricks in the house.
How do you feel about doing some legwork?
Uh, I don't.
Scrub all the dishes with the tap off!
Saves water
when you rinse them all together!
Water-saving shower head.
-Done.
-But I'm getting soaked!
[squeaks]
Crack down on toilet water flow.
If you know where
to tighten up the operation,
you can save big.
But if you really want
to roll out the big guns,
then we've got some cutting to do.
My finger? I… I can't cut it.
Now you come with me.
-Uh…
-Tacchan, chill. Slow down.
Get a book and start
keeping track of expenses.
Cut frivolous spending out!
I'm so not good at this.
[sighs] I don't think I can keep
all of these balls in the air.
Just set goals you can meet.
For example, if you give up
buying fancy espressos now,
next year you swim with the fishes.
-Swim?! With the fishes?
-[gun cocks]
Always trying to save money
can be a real bitch.
I get it.
-That is why you gotta get high.
-High?
[Tatsu] Reward yourself
with the little things
that let you escape
your troubles for a bit.
Keeps your motivation up.
[Yuriko] Oh, yeah, that sounds
like it would be a big help.
[Tatsu chuckles] See,
running a house ain't all bad, is it?
[Yuriko] Saving money, huh?
Sounds terrible.
1500 YEN
10 CATCHERS
Ten catchers? No, better not.
Huh?
Looking at the summary
of our shared bank balance,
there was a big withdrawal recently.
I didn't buy anything expensive.
I wonder what it is.
That sounds like a topic
for a one-on-one talk, you know?
Hmm. You two gotta work together
as a team in this game.
You gotta ask him
what he's been buying lately.
-[man] Honey, I'm home!
-Oh!
Yuriko! And, uh, your guests?
-It's a pleasure to meet ya.
-[shudders]
Hope you don't mind, I'm showing
your missus some of my tricks.
[man] You're what now?
Oh! Oh, you're Miku's husband. I see.
That money is, uh… Actually…
The thing is… What I mean to say is…
It's, uh, nearly our wedding anniversary,
so I thought I'd get
my wife something nice.
[gasps]
Oh, honey!
I'm so happy right now.
I'm sorry I suspected you.
That's okay. I was keeping secrets.
[Yuriko laughs] Such a cute bracelet!
-Hey, no! Oh, don't open it yet.
-[laughs]
-I booked a place for dinner too.
-No way.
-Thank you!
-[Miku and Tatsu] That's our cue.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[Miku] I'm gonna be late!
I'm Miku and I'm 26 years old.
I'm a businesswoman,
I love manga and video games.
and I always do my best at work.
-[twinkles]
-Huh?
-[groans]
-[dog] Please help me!
The whole world is in grave danger! Woof!
This cutie just fell from the sky?
[dog] Ma-fia launched a surprise attack!
The head of Nin-kyo Group was killed!
Woof! Ma-fia will take over everything
unless we stop them.
-Please help us!
-Understood.
-Leave it to me.
-[dog] That didn't take long.
-[knife swishes]
-[man laughs evilly]
You can run but you can't hide.
Now surrender, pup! [laughs]
-The Ma-fia boss! Woof!
-What?
This is bad. I'm gonna get
out of here, woof! [groans]
You can't just run away from boss fights!
You gotta help me transform.
[dog] Oh. Already?
Uh, okay. Take this.
-[sparkles]
-[Miku] Mm.
Star miracle, pretty change!
[peppy anime theme song playing]
Incredible! I feel like I'm full of magic.
Hmm.
-I give it a D-minus.
-[dog] Eh?
There's a number of narrative weaknesses.
This outfit, what's the concept behind it?
[dog] It's a magical girl-type thing. Uh…
[Miku] Sure, but don't you think
that's a little vague?
You have these symbolic elements
thrown together,
but I'm still not sure
what you're trying to say.
[dog] Um, okay.
How exactly are you planning
to market this?
Though the material you used
for these frills is pretty great.
What the hell are you
babbling about over there?
-[slaps]
-[man groans]
Don't you know how this works?
How long have you been doing this job?
First, I have my transformation sequence,
and do my power-up thing,
and once I've shown off my outfit,
you start the battle.
-But I easily deflect your attacks.
-But--
So tell me, who is the target audience
for this project?
I… I…
If it's for children, then you shouldn't
have a yakuza as a bad guy.
-You see, I--
-The parents would be shocked to see that.
Don't worry, I know you can do it.
We can totally make this project work.
So, address all the points I made,
and we can meet again next week.
[mutters sleepily]
[closing theme music plays]